Today on our 2013 Chevy Silverado well be
installing the Curt hitch part number 14301.
This is what our hitch will look like once
its installed.
Next well go ahead and give you a couple measurements
to assist with selecting accessories for your
new hitch.
From the center of the hitch pin hole to the
outer most edge of the bumper is four inches.
From the top of the receiver tube to the ground
is 18 and a half inches.
This will assist you with selecting accessories
such as a draw bar, a bike rack, or a cargo
carrier.
Now lets go ahead with installation.
Note weve already gone ahead and lowered and
removed the spare tire for the ease installation
of the new hitch.
Next well go ahead and point out the attachment
points.
Well have a total of six attachment points,
three in each frame rail.
This will be our forward, center, and
rear attachment point.